[Music]
someone's done yeah someone from the
inside
lorraine there's a double agent coming
ah Roberto Camberwell into your mission
find out who did this
remember trust no one your contact is
David Percival so what was your first
impression
[Music]
well then has its own set of rules they
trust you about as far as I can throw
you on it you mean I didn't
[Music]
[Applause]
Boston is default the corpus took
[Music]
I'm impressed
[Applause]
[Music]
fun group welcome to detention Spencer
Bethany fridge Martha you're all here
for a reason you know what it is you
should be thinking about who you are and
who you want to be fortunately you'll
have plenty of time to figure that out
while you're cleaning out the basement
that your expensive is with Jumanji a
game for those who seek to find a way to
leave their world behind we remove
avatar names so you pick a character and
then you're that person in the game
stronger but I don't think it matters
that much should be
[Music]
ah what they where the rest of me my god
bridge damn fridge who are you me
Spencer who is she
think we got sucked into the game we've
all become the avatars we choke
so that means I'm Bethenny Oh
[Music]
Bevin's Bethenny I'm an overweight
middle-aged man
welcome to Jumanji everybody wrong
Wow
have to warn you think I'm a very strong
puncher forget of that
[Music]
damn man like don't cry don't cry don't
cry it's gonna be okay all right all
right I can't
all the people that make life miserable
make life dangerous
whatever we can change things his name
is written in stone she'll die
shall we begin it does god yeah what
exactly can I do with this death no put
a name down and see what happens
it's not going to solve a few crimes
consult all crime you think that I'm
crazy I think you're not crazy enough we
could change a world
the killer is taking credit for over 400
dead although we do not know how he
kills its victims we do know not some of
limited force with the Pearl like you or
me you're the one who flew into the Sun
I'm just here to make sure you birth
well not the good guys anymore oh do you
know what you're doing
I promise you you're not super but they
want
is it gone let's get some
[Music]
everyone's already inside my dad
explosion rocks the city today 20,000
pounds for the names of the Bombers
that's not how we do things
hello mr. hannassey is here again that's
five days in a row now
so what daughter was killed in the
bombing mr. Hennessy please find out the
names of the Bombers I work for the
government not terrorists
you'll need to work for them I don't
know who the bombers are don't believe
you it's him you will tell me the names
of the Palmers you tell me on Tuesday
strange there are they are wearing maybe
Special Forces small to mid-size this
down Whitehall you gotta hear me just
wants you to know he can get you what is
going on
it's excited all's daughter okay Ilyana
name is booth
somebody say a prayer to kill bill died
days after city looking for burials nor
for me
and you got a limb me groans oh man
running circles around a lot of us
the hair is every step of the way open
it up you have no idea who you're
dealing with discover they call it the
soul society a twelve-foot yes I do do
you and I have your attention
you're all dismissed bankrupt better
luck with your next job this is not the
life I promised you know your calls we
don't want your broken part
[Music]
girl I think idea PT Barnum that's a
service wouldn't together a show and I
need a scar every woman's is special and
nobody is like any one of them that's
upon in my shop ready Showtime
[Applause]
[Music]
ah
it is
the peel
[Applause]
this is me
and whatever made a difference by being
like everyone else I can't just run off
and join the circus
why not you clearly have a flair for
show business or Chauvin I'm the bird of
it because I just invented it I could
ask you the dumb and you could say well
I don't feel like Thompson I mean I
could say well maybe some other time or
I could just not all science or fiction
like we're talking about to have a man
who's practically a stranger the thing
is I just know this is it I got you
are you feeling - good gobbles kind of
okay respirator
people paralyzed by polio GERD last long
company with anything from the neck down
can't even breathe yourself
out there therefore like this yes you
sir I love you and I want Jonathan to
know you intro yes I can
there must be something I can do get me
out of here probably safely the hospital
no one will help disability exists
outside a hospital has anyone has a
crime not me
robbing my gun much better
five pounds says we'll never make it
you're on barn court Eddie I've had an
idea a wheelchair that does his
breathing for him are you sure it's safe
it's work so far Alan Jeremy if I found
any bastard why do you keep your
disabled people in prison no one
believes it's possible to live as you do
well we should open the gate and set
them free
bloody viral and up in a well for when
there be an adventure when I first
became paralyzed I wanted to die my wife
told me I had to
yeah under your life is my life I don't
want to just survive I want and truly
live
[Music]
I'm not I think he shouldn't have to do
no you're right
no it's the most wonderful treatment is
a magical time full of wonder I enjoy a
time for making lasting memories of
family size between the pieces behind
what makes Christmas so special
mom mom is working their asses off
cooking wrapping decorating and shopping
honey I can see the sober guys when I
get drunk at the food court I feel like
a giant just fall for like November 2
years 5 months picking out the perfect
present for everyone you know the only
thing I get in return
coupon free back rub that's not ok bad
back rub remember when the holidays were
actually falling victim a Christmas bash
come on where's your truth hitting my
waist on Christmas tree shopping I
actually wanted to enjoy Christmas this
year
Amy who are a mom moms don't enjoy they
give joy that's helping a mom or
oh the house looks really nice
oh thank you your dad is awesome hey
dishes why would you say that I hope you
and daddy in the veggies you consume
those are just so happy scream and then
you punch the wall and yell yes walk
daddy and I were just playing a little
fun grown-up game you play the game
seven times six nap Jim in just don't
say it I gotta let you go
you were just fired how many times but
listen that Logan found the curse than
yours
well your brother's missing at home so
no respect this kind of stuff don't
happen to normal folk I have full
custody
I'm getting a lawyer with what money I'm
sorry good some sort of robbery to-do
list
Shaun Motor Speedway
it's the biggest race in the year I know
how they move the money
[Music]
only God knows about blowing up light
bulb to Joe bang em in car sir ring and
yeah we got a play on the kitchen round
we're gonna do this oh you're not
oh my god we need like a computer whiz I
know everything there is to know about
computers okay three all the Twitter's I
know
across from secure location I'm Colin
own a phone like a real phone I met the
look let's all this time you thought I
was gonna use a stick of dynamite yeah I
kind of do it there me too we are
dealing with science here but this has
gone down they're gonna know what we
want them to know some are calling this
video really tight I want everything on
Jamil okay I saw what I saw it's a
purple 77 Eldorado
I'm on my way to church I don't have
time for this step out of the vehicle
ma'am I'm about it's naked and opaque
I said no bacon see you late roll is
Logan curse just gossip
[Music]
he won't must be a simple man in his
plane or funny people say that what you
give me my arm please
he did this one I was six my baby she
was murdered and I never caught him
justice was done
wanna play okay the murder is her real
turkey liver was that's right he was a
fantasy a delusion are you feeling
better now I don't blame him for being
afraid I was very ill Chucky told me
he's coming for you it's important that
we all explored together as a group
think I have something a while
whoa hi I'm Chucky wanna play first
he'll kill each and every one of you the
most horrible way you can imagine and
then he'll kill meet you too mommy are
you afraid of the truth
terrified you should be too night-night
and they call me sick
wait of another school
ah
a true classic never goes out of style
[Music]